# Data-mining-Technique-For-Depression-Analaysis
Depression   is   among   the   most   prominent   psychiatric   illnesses.   It   is   acommon   mental neurological disease. It can be distinct as feelings of sadness, loss, annoywhich hamper with the daily behavior of a person. Depression has been recognized as a silentillness that affects all individuals   regardless  of   their   physical   and   biological   fitness.More   than   40   percent   of   the population is openly affected by the  disease. Depressionhas become a disturbing trend that affects   an   individual's   psychological   well-being   anda   person's   physical   well-being.   Many Different forms of depression rely on how thesymptoms of depression of a person manifest themselves. Symptoms of depression can differin severity or what causes them. People undergo various forms of depression. It can interferewith everyday work, leading to the last time. There Are many and not yet well knownpotential causes of depression. Certain risk factors, such as afamily history of depression,adverse childhood experiences, stress, disease,  and gender,  canmake a person morevulnerable to developing depression. This is not a complete list of all risk variables, but it is adecent starting point. Genetic traits, shifts in the neurotransmitter levels of the   brain,environmental   variables,   psychological   and   social   variables   are   the   causes   ofdepression. In this analysis, we have tried to figure out the most critical depressive factor.We Have also been   trying to observe  the  correlation between the   factors.  This analysishelps  to understand the reason for depression. A survey designed after consultation with apsychologist collected the data for this research. The survey was conducted via paper andGoogle survey form.We collected information for this study and generated a dataset thatcontains 539 instances where each instance has 23 unique attributes. Where 9 features arehighly significant depression stress,4   features   are   medium   significant   depressionstress   and   5   features   are   lower   significant depression stress. We  have got 18  mostsignificant  features by  using correlation.We used machine learning techniques to analyzethe dataset and to pick the relevant attributes. Also, we have used the technique of associationrule mining to get the dataset's most associated features.We used the apriori algorithm toimplement association rule mining and we developed 8 rules.
